1)
	Changing m shadowmapSize from 32 to 2048 results in the texture:

	
	As you lower the shadow map size you effectively lose the precision that you can
	represent the texture with.  From what I observed it appears that its highly aliases,
	and gets really large "pixels" (that it looks like).

2)
	Changing the min amd ag filter for your cube map to GL_LINEAR from GL_NEAREST:

	As the value is very high (2048) there seems like no difference, even at 512.

	But as we move the value down to low like 64 or 32 it is pixelated like in 1) HOWEVER
	its almost as if its multi-sampled or anti-aliased, on the edges they are "slightly gradient",
	it seems that GL_NEAREST just took the pixel color from the corresponding pixel in the texture as a
	1-to-1 map, with the LINEAR it sampled the pixels around the 1 spot in the texture to get an average
	which explains why when your at the edge it gets a lighter shade (since it averages bright and dark).

3)

		Changing the bias constant in the fragment shader source of the Depth shader to -0.05, 0.0 and 0.05 with 1) and 2):

	As far as i could tell, there really was not a whole lot of difference between GL_NEAREST and GL_LINEAR outside of what I already found out in 2).

	HOWEVER:  The "bias" with 0.0 and 0.05 I couldn't tell any difference, THE ONLY one where I noticed a difference was with -.05, and since it was negative I'm pretty sure the light was inside the object which caused it to shadow itself, and a "pacman" like appearance on the top is the inside turned out.

	As far as the shadow on the wall is concerned, it pretty much looked the same for all these.

4)
	The reason for this is that Gouraud shaders offer very little detail when compared with Fragment shaders.

	Since Fragment shaders work per fragment, there is a linear representation of the texture (and the shadow) so it appears nice and smooth.

	With Gouraud shaders they work per vertex, so there is not a linear representation of the texture that will appear, and neither the shadow, so it will not look as good.




















